		Web Revolution

1. First time used internet - 2007
2. Where did u use - Cyber
3. Internet mode - Lan / Telephone / Wifi-rare - Lan
4. Devise used at that point time - Laptop - Desktop
5. Why did u used internet 

--- This is between 2003 - till 2015

1. First time user would on a mobile phone
2. Where do they use internet - Everywhere (Cab, Bus, airport, street)
3. Mobile Device / tablet / watches 
4. Mode - Mobile data - 2G / 3G / 4G - lots of flutuation
5. Habbits 
	if u start a video on mobile  phone - we flip - content also has to flip
	if u see an image - u zoom
	web cam - goe location 
	u use internet when u travel


	Resolution - As a developer You have to develop web contents which will fit on all the devices

		Apple screen size is different - width and height

		Not only phone, u also have tablets and Ipads, also smart TV's
---------------------------
		As a user - what do u do, when you are super hungry with no one-no food at home
			Swiggy - Zomato- 	Mobile Phone
			Once u place Order - u need the fast dilivery (same thing with internet)

	As a developer u have to develop to meet the above requirement
		Develope a Responsive UI which is ready to change based on users need
		and for developerrs easy to maintain 

		Thus they started working on the same

		Solution came in as - client centeric framework 

		what works on client machine ? HTML / CSS and JS 
				Thus some advance ment needed 
				and so W3C gave us HTML5 
						   CSS3 
						JS - had a chanllange - was not Object oriented

			Thus W3C and ECMA gave us ES6-ES7 (Ecma Script)
				European Computer manufacturing Association
			So based on ES6 specifications - FB went ahead and created a client centeric framework
				React - they have their own DOM - and it works same way on all the browsers/devises

			React used a pattern - Component Based development
				Component is like a Plugin -
 
			React is all about Component
		React app  - can be developed on any platofrm - and be hosted on any platform
			We will be useing NodeJS and Visual Studio code 


		NPM on node will allow us to download and configure React

			JS is now with OOPS
		u will classes, data types, interface, contructor etc...
			brwsers does not understand all this
		thus node js will convert them to browser understandable JS (Old js)
		and then host the contents

		ES6-7 has its own syntax, not similar to what developers knowsw
			OOPS, classes, functions, properties, lots of stuff

		Microsoft implmented ES 
		added a wrapper on ES - with easy keywords similar to Java and C#
			also gave a compiler for the same
			Called it as Typescript

			we will use an editor - Visual Studio Code 
	
	








































